is the era of China's dominance over was
that it did we see the best that China
has to offer in today's video we are
going to follow the money as we go
through and start to realize what's
happening on every level we're going to
look at real estate we're going to look
at their production we're going to
understand both the imports and exports
and of course what's happening in the
New World Order you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you I
know that people like to take sides on
an argument and they will jump on one
side or the other and go with it in
today's video I'm going to give you fuel
for your fire so that whichever side
you're on you're going to be able to
explain things better you're going to
have the data to back it up so why don't
we get started come on let's go here we
have it it's official the era of China's
Global dominance is over so Business
Insider is officially making that known
and basically they go through all of
that which we know already with which
includes their real estate just
absolutely crumbling and you've seen
that in many areas okay and this is not
just ever Grand though that has been the
one to take center stage and so what I
look at this you've got Country Garden
you've got all these different companies
that are tied around one simple thing
and that is debt it doesn't matter if we
look at Country Garden or if we look at
everr they are all focused around one
thing and that is debt that's where the
trouble lives and everything was going
along swimmingly we didn't hear a
problem other than of course the ghost
cities remember those and what happened
here was that 2020 everything slowed
down and so the buildings were not being
built people couldn't move from where
they were into these buildings investors
couldn't make this happen so One By One
The Dominoes started to fall and now we
have an issue because that created a
compounding effect I guess nobody
realized um you know shutting an economy
down for three years how drastic that
could actually be so we're going to look
at this data right here stick with me as
I move through I'm going to show you
this from all sides it's very
interesting to see what's happening
right now as I record this video new
stimulus is under consideration in China
that would raise this year's budget
deficit and ensure the economy achieves
the government's official growth Target
of about 5% though more support is
likely needed to boost weak demand and
so what they're saying is they're going
to pump in some cash they're going to do
this in order to stimulate the growth
this is no different than what any other
country does but this is what they were
looking for investors were looking for
this saying when is China going to
stimulate this isn't a massive like a
quantitative easing qe1 123 sort of
effect but you know it is something and
you know as I said the investors were
looking for this to happen look no
further than one of the most important
indicators coming out of China this is
called the China credit impulse and you
could see 5 months in a row it's in the
negative this is an important one what
it tells us is basically how much new
loans how many new loans are coming out
there of course that is you know over
the GDP so it's a ratio over the GDP
over the economy but what we learned
from that is you know how much movement
is happening how much activity and that
gives us a very good indication of what
happens in the whole world not just
China and you could see that as you look
around many different instances of this
and just look at the 2015 example if you
remember this was the time in which
there was some troubles globally so we
had um it was coming out of Europe it
was coming out of China stimulus started
to happen not out of the US but out of
these other countries and of course
doing this starts to create that
liquidity globally if that stuff is
going to move around into different
financial markets it could be positive
the same thing happened in 2020 you know
what happened there and then we've had
smaller bits of that but in the last 5
months it's been negative so this is a
bearish signal however we'll see what
happens the next data the next month and
we can see if that Trend reverses but as
of right now 5 months in a row you could
look at this this is basically just
talking about the real estate market and
how their stocks have performed not good
all right and it's been if you look at
this many many years as you saw during
the housing crisis in the United States
do you remember you know there were
individuals very few there were
individuals in 2005 2006 six that were
saying uh yeah you know this whole thing
with subprime you know the whole
mortgage back
Securities uh it's a problem and
everybody said yeah yeah right yeah
right 2007 same situation yeah right
yeah right even into 2008 it wasn't just
Ben banki telling everybody uh oh no no
no everything's all good that wasn't
happening we had an issue right in the
middle of it many were still denying it
and then that real estate market
remember stocks went down march 2009 it
bottoms out 666 on the SNP and it comes
back up you looked at that same time
frame the real estate was not going back
up you saw in general it took years for
that to take effect so there's a lag
that could happen in many circumstances
and I just want to make that very clear
right here right now okay it depends
real estate is a different animal then
you look at with the stock market so
when you say stock market that is a very
broad statement so just be careful with
that Okay Beijing draws new friends in
closer with a smaller belt and road so
we look at the geopolitical side and you
could see what has happened it's very
clear um when I when I look at this this
is the belt and Road initiative also
known as one belt one road this is
something that has been a push a big
push from China so they're meeting here
and lot of those from Europe didn't show
up it was just Hungary that had showed
up and that tells us something that
number one Europe has some other
business that they need to be dealing
with but at the same time it was
considered a snub to China and as a
result of that it looks like China is
going in One Direction and they are
saying this is where we want to be China
is trying to promote alternative Norms
in global politics and China sees Arab
states as a natural
constituency for China to try and
attract so appealing to the Arab
countries they'll get more support for
the reforms that they want to push
through the International System and who
do we see in these circumstances here in
the bricks look at what has happened you
have seen I mean unbelievably many
people were shocked to see this but we
had Saudi Arabia we had United Arab
Emirates we had I mean of course at the
same time looking at uh Iran in there we
had Argentina with the agriculture in
there other countries were added and
this was a big change from what we had
seen just a few years ago everyone would
have said uh no I don't see that
happening and now it's big and of course
you could see that the countries in this
region are the ones having all the
growth it seems and so we need to pay
attention to that and so China is saying
look this is where the growth is I'm not
going to be an enemy to these people but
uh these guys over here that's where the
growth is that's where the resources are
let's partner together and so China's
getting all buddy buddy with these
countries and I ask you the question do
you think they are making the right
decision I'll ask you you let me know in
the comments below I don't know some
would say yes some would say no they're
playing with fire you tell me Europe is
still very much in business with China
Beijing was the largest partner for EU
Imports of Goods last year and the third
largest for exports but the political
costs of mingling too closely with the
leader of China were evident in the
capital this week you saw of course
Putin was there this is the kind of
thing where uh yeah well you know he's
kind of had the the criminal court after
him but China said no we're not going to
play that game we're not dealing with
that and of course that upset a lot of
people uh these leaders in the EU
perhaps that was part of the reason that
that they didn't want to show up it
would look like uh you know a little bit
odd if they're there here we have it
this is part of what's happening in the
markets and which stocks could
potentially benefit which could suffer
as a result of changes that are
happening right now in China us to
tighten rules aimed at keeping Advanced
chips out of China licenses will be
required to ship Chinese chip design
firms Washington to strengthen controls
on the advanced graphic chips I don't
exactly how far they're going to go on
this but I think it's important to note
that this severely hampers their ability
at least in the short term their ability
to grow because those chips are in
everything I mean take a look at
basically everything you own now there's
a chip in there and that is something
that can absolutely have an impact on
China's growth at least it's like a head
start so imagine it's like you know just
in a race if that person had those few
strides if every everybody was a top
performer but somebody has an extra few
strides that could absolutely mean the
difference between dominance and not you
see what I'm saying if you appreciate
this information so far hit that thumbs
up button I really do appreciate that
when you do so it supports this channel
so I can bring you these videos each and
every day so thank you okay look at this
Huawei drives $34 billion China stock
boom in rare Hot trades you could see um
others as well doing this going up as a
result because they were able to produce
something that the world said no it's
not possible well we'll see if they can
go beyond that because a lot of people
said no no this wasn't included this
wasn't part of it that's still older
technology well in the next few months
we're going to find out how advanced
they can become this will be the test
right in the next few months so we got
to pay attention Nvidia warns of product
snags from tightening us chip rules more
chips and equip will be covered by the
new restrictions us exempts most
consumer semiconductors from the
controls and so what they're saying is
we don't want to hurt our own base like
if they do something to Apple if they do
like in the app store or they do
something like overall to Apple well who
buys millions and millions and millions
of iPhones and MacBooks and iPads well
it's people in China and so you if you
hurt these companies because of the
chips you were going to impact them and
so potentially they're saying here oh no
it's not going to affect the consumer
goods it's only going to be for military
purposes and so on so you know we'll see
how far that goes the stocks itself it's
interesting um what I thought anyway but
the chasm that has formed in between
these two China's margin trading debt
that's the purple line and you can see
how it's gone up like crazy so people
are using margin more than ever in the
stock market yet the stock market the
csi300 has continued to go down so it's
not working it's ending up bad a lot of
people are losing a lot of money in the
last few months inside of China right
now so let's keep an eye on that one as
well okay the that means the the
government basically has to come in and
buy those up and it they were active
this week so we will see um how that
progresses you could take a look at
companies that are directly impacted by
what happens inside of China and that's
a very good you know there's a
correlation here between the csi300
China stock market and lvmh Louis
Vuitton or broadly luxury goods because
a lot of those luxury goods are going
from Europe into China and they got
smashed absolutely smashed so you could
see the stocks that are going to be
impacted directly okay very important
stuff if you want to know more
information about the stock market you
want to be able to see and diagnose
things and when you restrictions and
rules come up and you're like you're
thinking to yourself how do I like
benefit from this how do I Shield myself
from this Seeking Alpha can do that for
you okay and this is the premium Seeking
Alpha not the free stuff you see online
go to the link in the description that's
the money GPS website and you will see
this video here you can just click on
that link and there's the 7-Day free
trial so I hope that you'll join that
and take a look just you know browse
around and see what you got and you know
for yourself I think it could make a
difference so definitely check it out
all right and the comment of the DAT all
right Ranger said this inflation is only
3.7% year-over-year what that really
means is remember when a year ago
inflation was totally out of control
yeah it's now 3.7% higher than that
that's right I mean it's so true the way
that these stats are put in front of us
and that's why I take stats from all
different angles anecdotal evidence I'm
pulling it from everywhere and then we
have a more complete picture and it's
not even in one video you cannot make a
whole argument in one video but I hope
that through this video you had you know
been given the access to the latest
information as I brought to you here if
you appreciate that hit that thumbs up
button and of course as always join me
tomorrow so we can get into even deeper
stuff I'll see you then take care